
#GenAIStudyJams
Congratulations, you are enrolled in the campaign!

Hi Divyavardhan Singh,
Thank you so much for enrolling in the Gen AI Study Jam Campaign! We are so excited to have you onboard and can't wait for you to start your journey in cloud and get hands on practice on Google Cloud - the tool that powers apps like Google Search, Gmail and YouTube.
Get 300 Google Cloud Skills Boost Credits to take labs
ProTip: Don't feel like reading so many steps? Just watch our 2-minute video here to see how you can easily get your 300 Google Cloud Skill Boost credits.
To take part in the program and to complete labs on Google Cloud Skills Boost platform, you need credits. Use the instructions given below to get your 300 Google Cloud Skill Boost credits and start working on the campaign's syllabus below.
[Very Imp] Open incognito window on your browser. (CTRL/CMD+SHIFT+N).
Go to https://cloudskillsboost.google/catalog?keywords=GSP282&event=Your and put this unique access code: 6s-campaigns-19::FZPVe7CGohPTwCVfm6NWGg in the popup asking for access code. (See in video)
Caution:
Only the above link will lead to the steps mentioned below, searching for this lab in the catalog will not work.
This code is only for you and can be used only once, and not transferable to others.
Ensure to redeem the code on the enrolled account only, else your completions won’t be tracked.
Now, sign in to your Google Cloud Skills Boost account.
Now, if you click the profile icon on the top right corner, you can see now that you have 9 credits to get started. (See in video, refresh the web-page to check for the 9 credits, if not received logout and perform the above steps again.)
Once you have the 9 credits, click on the "A Tour of Google Cloud Hands-on Labs" and then click on the green "Start Lab".
Now follow the steps given in the lab & complete it. (Spend atleast 6 minutes and get a score of 100 in the lab) Once you finish this lab, click on the "End Lab" button, you will automatically get 300 GCSB Credits credited to your account.
To check for the subscription you have received, please visit this link cloudskillsboost.google/my_account/credits. (See in video)
Enter your code for Google Cloud Skill Boost Courses
6s-campaigns-19::FZPVe7CGohPTwCVfm6NWGg
Enter your code for Gen AI Arcade Game (You're expected to access the game in Week 2 of October )
1q-gservice-33132
Didn't get the credits pass?
Do not worry! Sometimes, it takes a few minutes for you to get the pass:
After completing the lab, wait for a few minutes and refresh your browser to see the credits.
It might take 20-30 minutes after you complete the lab for the credits to be provisioned.
If you face any issues or are not getting the credits (after 30 minutes), then just reach out to your "Organisers" or the support team at dscsupport@google.com and they will help you.
Syllabus for the program
We have a lot of things you could learn from. As part of the program you will learn concepts like computing, application development, big data & machine learning, security and AI using cloud. All of them are structured in exciting games, trivia and skill badges that you can complete. You can find the complete campaign syllabus on the document here - https://goo.gle/genaicontent.
Note :
All the skill badges listed in the document above are mandatory to complete.
In case you complete any other labs from the ones listed, your contributions for the non listed labs will not be considered.
In case you complete other listed skill badges, you may exhaust the total credits allocated and the team will not be able to support with any additional credits.
Some Important Points to remember :
Note :
The campaign deadline is 1st November, 5pm IST. Please ensure to complete all the labs and skill badges in the given deadline.
As the access pass is valid for 1 month only, the deadline cannot be extended for the campaign.
As 2nd October and 1st November are public holidays, the support team will be slow in responding. Kindly be patient until the team gets back to you.
Ensure to use the credits for the courses listed here only. In case your credits get exhausted before you’re able to complete all the labs in the document, the team will not be able to help with any additional credits.
All the labs need to be completed at a steady pace. At the moment, the platform limits completion to only 10 labs a day, hence ensuring you’re making regular progress and avoiding any last minute rush.
In case you don’t see enough slots for the Gen AI Arcade game, wait until the next day, there are ample slots that will open up everyday.
Any questions on rewards can be answered by the Organiser who helped you enroll for the campaign. Please do not reach to the campaign team for any queries.
Once again congratulations on your enrollment and all the best. For any questions or queries you can reach out to your "Organisers".
See you in the cloud,
The Gen AI Study Jams Team
Google Cloud
© 2024 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043

This email was sent to you because you signed up to receive updates about the GenAI Study Jams from Google Cloud. If you don't want to receive such emails in the future, please unsubscribe here.
				
